So we want to create a Repository,
and we can do that here from that starting page
all by clicking this button
or by clicking on our profile picture
in the top right corner and going to your repositories
and then there we can also create a new one.
So there are many ways of creating such a Repository.
When you create it,
you have to choose a Repository name
and every Repository name in your account must be unique.
Here, I'll name it GitHub Crash course
but the name is up to you.
You can then also add a description
and then you have to choose
whoever it should be public or private.
And I explained before that
this controls who can see your Repository.
It also says here that you still choose who can commit,
so who can edit the code.
So even if you choose public,
this does not mean that everyone can edit it.
Here, I will pick public,
since this will simplify a couple of other things
I want to show you later in this section here.
Now, if this would be a brand new Repository
which doesn't exist locally yet, then you could also choose
whether you wanna initialize it with a Git ignore file
which we did add in earlier videos manually.
You could choose to add a read me file
which explains extra information about your project
and your Repository and this can be useful
if you do wanna share it with people
from all over the world and those people should understand
what your project is all about.
And you can add a license where you essentially define
how your code may be used by others.
Here, I'll choose none of that
because we already do have a local Git Repository,
which I want to connect
to this newly created cloud Repository here.
Therefore, I'll just click create Repository like this.
And that's how you do create such a cloud
such a GitHub Repository.
How can this now be connected
to your local Git Repository though?